All right so we got a lot of functionality in this page in the categories that BHB we can bring in some
data we can Asam data that we can even well see some of the data here but we need to do lot more work
done.
We can update some of these data here if we make the code for it.
So we're going to be doing that now.
It's made the code so that when we click here we can come here and update the field.
Right now it's not going to be doing anything well is going to be adding because it's going to be doing
the sent in this is doing.
But remember that we copy and paste it from here to here so we've got to send folks an idea right here
so let's go ahead and change that and make it update instead of adding stuff.
All right.
So what we want to do is right here below let's write another page tag and we are going to be actually
we can copy some of this stuff from here.
I know it's going to be very similar even though we're going to have to modify some things.
And when you are modifying sometimes you might miss one or two things.
All right.
So keep that in mind this closes so we don't forget this is not going to be a get.
This is going to be a post since when we submit to the the form we want to get a value from this.
And that's right here.
So the cat tied.
All right.
Make sure that you change this put right here also that ways different of day.
Let's just call the update of the category and let's just copy it because we're going to be detecting
this right here.
Perfect.
They just make a little common you say of the Querrey.
All right put it right there and put as many as you like does fine.
So we're going to update the category we're going to update is this get request to post and we're going
to take this out here and make sure that we are two in the title.
Take the lead out of there and let's also make sure is that title that we are getting from feel on top.
And we're going to change things from Delete to update categories
and then set.
Right.
Make sure is one spacier said Cat title which is in the database.
That's a column there in the table to ecord to discuss title right here.
That's what we're getting from the forum member that we're going to do some quotes actually.
Let's put this there.
And where ID equals what.
Well we don't have this.
We're not catching anything yet but we should be catching something right now because we should be doing.
But I'll get to that later.
Right now let's just change a couple of things and I'll get to this idea later.
Let's just say this update query.
All right.
So what I really want to do with this form is I want to make it so it comes from another page that way
we don't see anything that's here.
We don't see anything here when we click on this.
We include it from another placing our CMOS and then we can do some updating there.
That's that's still the goal that I want to accomplish here.
So let's just make sure that record is good here.
Cat tied all equals to this were cat ID equal to what cat ID.
Let's just make sure that this is just you name it cat ID.
All right.
So how do we get all these formats here.
As a matter of fact let's just check.
Let's do a quick checking for this of the query to see if it's good.
That way we'll make a mistake.
We know where it is coming from on the query.
It's always good to do that.
We and I echo.
We're just going to die everything and course failed.
I think I already have that somewhere.
Let's see.
I should be having that all over the place but we're going to make a function there where you failed
later on.
All right.
Function later on my ask you will.
I am error and misspells in the connection.
Perfect.
All right.
I think we're good here.
So let's go ahead and you know what let's get all these for Maadi here.
I want to get this for Marty here.
Let's just comment Etsy or control it.
Whatever you want to call it and let's create a it.
I already have edit here but
I'm going to the lead.
So just to show you.
But right they don't you don't have to delete anything I just had that from something that I was doing
before just right click on the includes in the admin and create new file and it's called is the update
of the categories
that it should be.
All right.
And here we're going to paste our form that we just took from there.
We got a lot of stuff here that is going to be included from the categories here and to include it we
need to actually write some code about that.
So how do we include this form.
Well we need to write a little condition here to include it.
So we're going to say first we need to write that ph pretax here.
All right.
So we're going to say if set this function so use for right get we're going to check for that link right
here.
So if that's set which is the edit key in the array the the key in the end at it right here and see
that that's going to be that key right there.
And make sure that your super blow was actually written well.
All right.
A fifth set.
We're going to make sure that we have a camera idea because we are getting that in the other side.
Show you right now actually we have him right here.
We're not right here cat ID.
All right.
So let's turn that into the right there.
So
that's good.
That's good.
So I think we're good here now.
Next thing is to include follow that we've got and make sure that we have our path correctly so includes
for Shlash What is the name of date of this file right here of day categories.
Let's see right here.
PH BE GOOD.
All right I think we're good to go.
All right let's check it to see if we have any errors.
Let's make sure
we click it perfect we have it working now.
All right click it and let's update it.
Let's see if it happens.
There we go.
He's updating.
Of course we want it the right name on it.
Let's add another one let's use add.
Actually let's end this because we already have something there.
Vostro Let's call the Java Java.
Let's add another one called or P
and let's add another one called
procedural.
And this is why we are doing and by the way procedural PH BE
PERFECT.
Right click on it working at it we can edit it.
So we are done with this as a matter of fact and let's continue with our course.
We are CMOS system right.
So anyways I'll see you in the next lecture.
If you were able to do this fully with me.
Great congratulation if not just rewind the video and watch it again and get it done.
Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next video.
Take care.